[Music]
when it comes to sweet there's only one
name I've studied the best spin moves
his legendary I raced the fastest in the
world he makes us all its left I'm wild
but he's on another level that dude he
knows it's all about the Rings when he
turns on the burners good luck
he's just a blur out there what's this
for again what's this for against this
Morgan what's this for again great
question I have no idea but please
McCaffrey go on about how amazing I am
what am i doing you're mine Hedgehog
now that's what I call good cop bad cop
left yourself open the time for talking
is over it's time to push buddies you're
flying eggs are pretty impressive mr.
Eggman but let's face it you'll never
catch me hon fidence a fool's substitute
for intelligence
[Music]
that's not good
Sonic and then you got the SuperSpeed
and everything but Maddie and I totally
defense this is probably gonna get blown
up pretty much yeah
don't worry I know exactly what to do I
[Applause]
was not expecting that
but I was expecting not to expect
something so it doesn't count
you